Update manage-data-retention.mdx (#16922)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/data-apis/manage-data/manage-data-retention.mdx

  src={accountsEditRetentionSettings}
/>
<figcaption>

>   The <DoNotTranslate>**Data retention**</DoNotTranslate> UI is where you can see your data retention periods, upgrade your retention plan (Max per contract) and edit effective retention. To view explanations of the table column headers, hover over a header. 

Author: Heya @rhetoric101 I am referring to the specific column in the Data Retention UI titled 'Max per contract' as that is what the maximum value a customer can set the Effective retention value to (the furthest right column). It is what your New Relic contract specifies you are allowed to retain data up to as far as time. You can see an example of the UI, and therefor that column in the UI, in this doc we are editing: https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/data-apis/manage-data/manage-data-retention/

![accounts_screenshot-crop_edit-retention-settings-094ae3f71bbc2d33c8b5f4ea26ec3940 copy](https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/assets/129548163/668ecd43-3f20-4049-8359-868b75103306)

>   The <DoNotTranslate>**Data retention**</DoNotTranslate> UI is where you can see your data retention periods, upgrade your retention plan (Max per contract) and edit effective retention. To view explanations of the table column headers, hover over a header. 

Reviewer: @johnathannewrelic since this is a UI field, I just made it bold and changed the wording a bit.

</figcaption>

## Requirements [#requirements]

> Being able to upgrade your data retention plan ((Max per contract) or edit the effective retention values requires Pro or Enterprise. Account characteristics that do not meet this criteria will block some New Relic organizations from adjusting upgrading and editing effective retention values on their own. If you're a Pro or Enterprise and you can't upgrade your retention plan or edit retentionv values, talk to your New Relic account representative.

Reviewer: @johnathannewrelic I'm hoping we can drop this sentence, since it seems redundant: Account characteristics that do not meet this criteria will block some New Relic organizations from adjusting upgrading and editing effective retention values on their own.

Not only does it seem redundant, it seems to hedge a bit. For example, it says this may block "some" organizations who aren't using Pro or Enterprise from making changes. Is that true, or does the requirement to use Pro or Enterprise apply across the board to all organizations?

> Being able to upgrade your data retention plan ((Max per contract) or edit the effective retention values requires Pro or Enterprise. Account characteristics that do not meet this criteria will block some New Relic organizations from adjusting upgrading and editing effective retention values on their own. If you're a Pro or Enterprise and you can't upgrade your retention plan or edit retentionv values, talk to your New Relic account representative.

Reviewer: It looks like we've dropped the "billing administrator account" language. I just wanted to confirm. 

Oh, I see that this is now down in line 51.

> Being able to upgrade your data retention plan ((Max per contract) or edit the effective retention values requires Pro or Enterprise. Account characteristics that do not meet this criteria will block some New Relic organizations from adjusting upgrading and editing effective retention values on their own. If you're a Pro or Enterprise and you can't upgrade your retention plan or edit retentionv values, talk to your New Relic account representative.

Author: I completely agree with you. I was trying to retain a lot of what it originally said out of respect for what was originally approved, while only zeroing in on the facts that needed to be corrected.

Your version looks much better and still delivers the correct facts.

Note that our [Data Plus option](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/data-ingest-billing/#data-plus) provides up to 
an additional 90 days of retention.

Permission-related requirements for viewing and editing retention:
* [Newer user model](/docs/accounts/original-accounts-billing/original-users-roles/overview-user-models): 

>   * Setting a contract with longer data retention allowance for your entire organization (Max per contract) requires the [<DoNotTranslate>**Billing**</DoNotTranslate> administration setting](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-management-concepts#admin-settings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Setting a contract with longer data retention allowance for your entire organization (max per contract) requires the [<DoNotTranslate>**Billing**</DoNotTranslate> administration setting](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-management-concepts#admin-settings).
```

>   * Adjusting effective retention within the bounds of a contract ((Max per contract) for specific types of data or for a specific account requires a custom role with View and Modify for the [<DoNotTranslate>**Insights event retention**</DoNotTranslate> capability](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-permissions/#data-retention)  access grant pointed at the account(s) the user wants to be able to edit the effective retention values for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * You need to have a custom role to adjust the effective retention within the bounds of a contract (max per contract) for specific types of data or for a specific account. The custom role needs to have the **View** and **Modify** permissions for the [<DoNotTranslate>**Insights event retention**</DoNotTranslate> capability](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-permissions/#data-retention). Also, the role needs to be in a group that applies to the account(s) where the user wants to edit the effective retention.
```

Author: Unfortunately you took out something that is separate from being able to edit the effective retention (which is what you reduced it down to). We still need to cover what is needed to upgrade your data retention (aka increase your max per contract values) which is what the first blurb I had edited was speaking to.

Author: Oh wait, I see you only edited the second blurb? If so, yours does look better :)

Reviewer: @johnathannewrelic I'm seeing two bullets here: the first is about setting a longer retention through **Max per contract** (no changes) and the second bullet is about changing the effective retention.

Are we saying that the custom role is only relevant for changing effective retention? If that's the case my revision might cut it. If the custom role is required for both setting longer retention and effective retention, we'll need another revision, I think.

In this second bullet about effective retention, why is there also a reference to **Max per contract**? I had thought that column only applied to setting longer retention. Are you saying that effective retention is set within the upper boundary of **Max per contract**?

Author: The first is about upgrading/increasing your **_Max per contract_** values which is generally determined by your subscription choices (for example Data Plus), Your *Max per contract determines how high you can set effective retention values to for the various types of data ingested, upgrading your Max per contract requires Billing role for the billing/reporting account ID of the organization. When you click on the Upgrade retention button (which again is only visible to a user with Billing role) it essentially brings you to a plan upgrade page.

The second is about setting _**effective retention**_ for a specific type of data for an account in your org, which you can only set to a value that is within your Max per contract value and doing this requires Insight Events Retention capability which is a capability that _can_ be given via Billing role, but only for the billing/reporting account ID of the organization which is not a problem if you only have one account in your organization. If you have more than one account in your organization and you want to be able to change your effective retention values for an account other than your billing/reporting ID account, then you would need to create a custom role that has View and Modify for the Insight Events Retention capability and point it to those accounts.

  src={accountsEditRetentionSettings}
/>
<figcaption>

>   The <DoNotTranslate>**Data retention**</DoNotTranslate> UI is where you can view and edit your effective retention values, as well as upgrade your retention plan. To view explanations of the table column headers, hover over each header in the UI, or see our explanations in the **Requirements** section below.

Reviewer 2: @rhetoric101 Do we need to define "effective retention values"?

</figcaption>

## Requirements [#requirements]

> To upgrade your retention plan, or edit your effective retention values when you have more than one account in your organization, you need to be on the Pro or Enterprise edition. With these editions, you can designate users who are responsible for managing the retention plan or the effective amount of time data will be retained. Whether you have one user handle both tasks or assign separate users for each, you enable access differently:

Reviewer 2: @rhetoric101 Can we clean up some of the more complex wording to simplify it? For example, "designate" --> "choose"

> * **Upgrade your retention plan (Max per contract)**: Your **Max per contract** column specifies the maximum number you can configure for the **Effective retention** of a data type. This maximum allowance always applies to all accounts in your organization if you have more than one account. To increase your **Max per contract**, you need a user who is in a group that has the **Billing** administrative setting enabled for it. This administrative setting applies to all users in that group. Those users will have a **Billing User** role assigned to them, but this method is the only way to assign that specific role. Only these users will see an **Upgrade plan** button in the top right of the **Data retention** UI.

Reviewer 2: @rhetoric101 This is pretty dense, technical info. I think it'd be good to look for places where we can simplify things a bit:

"To increase your **Max per contract**, you need a user who is in a group that has the **Billing** administrative setting enabled for it." 

could be

"To increase your **Max per contract**, you need a user with the **Billing** administrative setting enabled."

In general, I think this stuff is pretty dense. For example, we're trying to convey info about settings and also about groups as an administrative user structure. Can we separate these things a little?

For example, this ONE bullet is communicating all of this:
1. The max per contract column is the max number for effective retention by data type.
2. This setting applies to all your accounts (a universal or global setting)
3. To change this, you need a user who's in a group.
4. That group needs to have the "Billing" permissions/setting enabled
5. This setting assigns a user role called "Billing User"
6. This setting is the only way to assign that role.
7. Oh, by the way, they're also the only ones who see this one button in the UI.

See what I mean? :)

Reviewer: @paperclypse I've done a few more revisions with the help of our SME. I'm closing your comments here since we've made a set of wholesale changes.

    <Callout variant="tip">
      Some customers with upgraded retention plans can set **Effective retention** values to numbers higher than the corresponding **Max per contract** value (for an additional cost). If you need more details about this, please reach out to your New Relic account team or our [Sales team](https://newrelic.com/contact-us-customer).
    </Callout>

> * **Change the current length of retention (Effective retention)**: This is the current retention time that you want a type of data to be stored and available to query. The highest number you can set this number to is in the corresponding **Max per contract** column. The users described below will be able to click the **Edit retention** button at the top right of the **Data retention** UI:

Reviewer 2: @rhetoric101 I think this definition of effective retention needs to go higher in the doc, split out from this bullet on changing this time length

>     * For organizations with a single account: The same user described above who can upgrade the retention plan (**Max per contract**) can also set the effective retention values for the account.

Reviewer 2: @rhetoric101 I find this bullet to be confusingly worded. If I'm reading it right we're just saying here that this works the same for single account organizations as it does for multi-account organizations.

Also, aren't most of our customers single accounts? Should we reorient this around single account customers and spell out the multi-account info as exceptions?
